.TH "plistutil" 1
.SH NAME
plistutil \- Convert a plist FILE from binary to XML format or vice-versa
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B plistutil
[OPTIONS]
[-i FILE]
[-o FILE]
.SH DESCRIPTION
plistutil allows to convert a file in Property List format from binary to XML format or vice-versa.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-i, \-\-infile FILE
Input FILE to convert from. If this argument is omitted or - is passed as
filename, plistutil will read from stdin.
.TP
.B \-o, \-\-outfile FILE
Output FILE to convert to. If this argument is omitted or - is passed as
filename, plistutil will write to stdout.
.TP
.B \-f, \-\-format [bin|xml]
Force output format, regardless of input type. This is useful if the input
format is not known, but the output format should always be in a specific
format (like xml).
.TP
.B \-h, \-\-help
Prints usage information.
.TP
.B \-d, \-\-debug
Enabled extended debug output.
.TP
.B \-v, \-\-version
Print version information
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
.B plistutil -i test.plist -o out.plist
Convert test.plist and write to out.plist. If test.plist is in XML format,
out.plist will be in binary format. If test.plist is in binary format,
out.plist will be in XML format.
.TP
.B plistutil -i test.plist -o out.plist -f bin
Same as before, but the output will always be in binary format.
.TP
.B plistutil -i test.plist -f xml
Print test.plist as XML plist, regardless of the input format.
.TP
.B plistutil -i test.plist -f xml -o -
Same as before.
.TP
.B cat test.plist |plistutil -f xml
Take plist data from stdin - piped via cat - and write the output as XML
to stdout.
.SH AUTHORS
Zach C.

Martin Szulecki

Nikias Bassen
.SH ON THE WEB
https://libimobiledevice.org

https://github.com/libimobiledevice/libplist
